Minor fix to recent change (#2192)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-registry/pull-through-guides/artifactory/artifactory-packages-pull-through/index.md

If you aren't sure of these values, you can find them in the command from the **Set Up An Alpine Client** window where you found the token:

```shell
sudo sh -c "echo 'https://linky:<TOKEN>@example-hostname.jfrog.io/artifactory/cg-wolfi/<BRANCH>/<REPOSITORY>'" >> /etc/apk/repositories
```

In this example, the Artifactory user profile is `linky` and the hostname is `example-hostname`.

> Note that if your Artifactory user profile is an email address, this command will result in an error unless you percent-encode the `@` sign, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Artifactory user profile is an email address, this command results in an error unless you encode the `@` sign:
```
